# Blue Moon IT Requirements Document

## Elevator Pitch
Blue Moon IT is a IT Support business in the Illawarra, servicing the Illawarra, Shoalhaven, Eurododalla and Southern Highlands. They require a professional website to target home users and small businesses. Services they offer are:
- PC Repairs and Upgrades
- Smart Home Setup
- Home Wi-fi Solutions
- Home Cybersecurity
- Data Services
- Remote Support
- Web Hosting and Domain Registration
- Software Licensing
- Home/Small Business 
The website should include individual pages for each service. It will have call to actions which will open a modal where the potentail client will put thier information
- Full Name, Contact Phone, Email, Service (drop down box from our listed services), short summary. Also and urgency radio button selector (Low, Medium, High - can only select one) Submitting this modal will send an email to support@bluemooit.com.au. The customer will be provided a prompt - A ticket has been created and you will be contacted by our support team.

## Design
 Color scheme
 #031335 - main color outside of white
 #36597f - Formatting headings
 #1fa3e3 #a6a8a7 - Highlights
 #2a2a2a text on white
#ffffff White text on dark blue background
 - Use gradients and animations to make the site look beautiful
 - Use all current web design standards in the design
 - Use the logo.png file for the header and footers on all pages, and hero.jpg for hero section located in uploaded into /public/assets/
  - The /privacy-policy/ and /terms-of-service page will have custom information provided later.
  - Do not create any testimonials on any page.


 ## Fucntional requirements
 - Modal and Contact forms must send an email from the input email address (from modal or contact form) to support@bluemoonit.com.au.
 - Must have an Emergency Help section
 - Must have separate Services pages
 - Language MUST be in Australian English
 - All content must be SEO optimised.
 - Header, Hero, Pages, Footer + Navbar must be repsonsive design for mobile compatibility.
 
 ## Target Audience
  - Predominatlty we are targeting home users and small businesses
  - Users who require Office356 subscriptions
  - Users who require Bitdefender - we are an Authorised Reseller